[splashscreen] Update docs for 52 (#32693)
expo/expo: docs/pages/versions/unversioned/sdk/splash-screen.mdx

// Keep the splash screen visible while we fetch resources
SplashScreen.preventAutoHideAsync();

// Set the animation options. This is optional.

> Splashscreen.setOptions({

Reviewer: ```suggestion
SplashScreen.setOptions({
```

## Configuration

> You can configure `expo-splash-screen` using its built-in [config plugin](/config-plugins/introduction/) if you use config plugins in your project ([EAS Build](/build/introduction) or `npx expo run:[android|ios]`). The plugin allows you to configure various properties that cannot be set at runtime and require building a new app binary to take effect. If your app does **not** use EAS Build, then you'll need to manually configure the package.
> This is now the preferred method of configuring the splash screen. The other methods are now considered legacy and will be removed in the future.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can configure `expo-splash-screen` using its built-in [config plugin](/config-plugins/introduction/) if you use config plugins in your project ([EAS Build](/build/introduction) or `npx expo run:[android|ios]`). The plugin allows you to configure various properties that cannot be set at runtime and require building a new app binary to take effect. If your app does **not** use EAS Build, then you'll need to manually configure the package.

**Using the config plugin, as shown below, is the recommended method for configuring the splash screen.** The other methods are now considered legacy and will be removed in the future.
```

Let's refer to the config plugin example below and make it bold to highlight it.

<ConfigPluginExample>
```json app.json
{
  "expo": {
    "plugins": [
      [
        "expo-splash-screen",
        {

>           "backgroundColor": #232323,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
          "backgroundColor": "#232323",
```

Missing quotes to represent the string value.

            "backgroundColor": "#000000"
          },
          "imageWidth": 200
        }
      ]
    ],
  }
}
```
</ConfigPluginExample>

<ConfigPluginProperties
  properties={[
    {
      name: 'backgroundColor',
      description: 'A hex color string representing the background color of the splash screen.',
      default: '#ffffff',
    },
    {
      name: 'image',
      description:
        'The path to the image file that will be displayed on the splash screen. This should be your app icon or logo.',
      default: 'undefined',
    },
    {
      name: 'enableFullScreenImage_legacy',
      description:
        'Enabling this property allows using a full screen image as the splashscreen. This is to help with the transition from the legacy splash screen configuration and will be removed in the future.',
      platform: 'ios',
      default: 'false',
    },
    {
      name: 'dark',
      description:
        'An object containing properties for configuring the splash screen when the device is in dark mode.',
      default: 'undefined',
    },
    {
      name: 'imageWidth',
      description: 'The width to make the image.',

>       default: '100',

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      default: '200',
```

After creating a new project with the default template, I see the default value is `200`. Let's update this.

![CleanShot 2024-11-08 at 00 59 06](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/6d69291d-b1c7-4b42-a6b8-97dfa1482b04)

Author: Brent added this to the template to try and keep some backward compatibility with the old config but if you don't provide a value for `imageWidth` the default internally is 100

Reviewer: Thanks for the clarification!

    },

>     {
>       name: 'ios',
>       description: 'An object containing properties for configuring the splash screen on iOS.',
>       default: 'undefined',
>     },
>     {
>       name: 'android',
>       description: 'An object containing properties for configuring the splash screen on Android.',
>       default: 'undefined',
>     },

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    {
      name: 'android',
      description: 'An object containing properties for configuring the splash screen on Android.',
      default: 'undefined',
    },
    {
      name: 'ios',
      description: 'An object containing properties for configuring the splash screen on iOS.',
      default: 'undefined',
    },
```

Let's follow the preferred platform order from our writing style guide.

### Animating the splash screen

> Expo splashscreen provides an out of the box fade animation. It can be configured using the `setOptions` method.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`SplashScreen` provides an out-of-the-box fade animation. It can be configured using the `setOptions` method.
```

Let's use the module name here.

```js

> Splashscreen.setOptions({

Reviewer: ```suggestion
SplashScreen.setOptions({
```

Let's fix this typo.

  duration: 1000,
  fade: true,
});
```

> If you would prefer to use a custom animation, see the [with-splash-screen](https://github.com/expo/examples/tree/master/with-splash-screen) example on how to apply any arbitrary animations to your splash screen. You can initialize a new project from this example by running `npx create-react-native-app -t with-splash-screen`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you prefer to use custom animation, see the [`with-splash-screen`](https://github.com/expo/examples/tree/master/with-splash-screen) example on how to apply any arbitrary animations to your splash screen. You can initialize a new project from this example by running `npx create-react-native-app -t with-splash-screen`.
```
